---
layout: essay
type: essay
title: Technical Essay on WODs
date: 2020-09-13
labels:
  - Education
  - Programming
---

So, for BrowserHistory1, I was pretty lost at first until I watched the screencast and had to go back and redo all the tuturials I thought I had down by now. After 3 attempts I ended up with the RX time of 12 minutes and some change. The first attempt I was really still learning most of the things we had to do like linking the table of contents and even still how to get to my local server! But then on the second and third tries I pretty much knew what I was doing and the second time I forgot to start my timer! So I was super bummed to have to start all my hard work all over but got my time down to RX!

For the second BrowserHistory2 I was honestly very happy to see how much shorter and easier it appeared to be. Again, I looked over what we had to do and saw it was mostly CSS and went back to the W3 website and started studying the CSS tutorial again, except this time I practiced everything I was reading as well! For this one I ended up doing I am not even sure how many times.. But in the end turns out the second time was correct and I am still not sure what the issue was! I completed all the tasks as I thought I should and even compared to the screencast again and for some odd reason there were some weird things going on.. such as my images didnt want to have the text wrapped around them even tho my code was correct. I spent hours trying to correct this and in the end emailed the teacher and ended up changing my style.css to be unique from the other one from BrowserHistory1 and for some reason it worked! Turns out the teacher said it looked correct anyways so.. maybe next time I will wait for a reply!

For the last BrowserHistory3 took a look at the assignment and then went to W3 to research all the things I knew Id need to know such as columns! I tried it out and knew I was not doing something right and turned to the screencast before doing my timed second attempt. Still wasnt correct because my fonts werent coming up so I had to watch the screencast again and realized I wasnt referencing googlefonts and again for some odd reason my css style cheat was not updating on my local server so I changed this css to style3.css and that corrected all the odd things going on like my table of contents or navbar now, remaining a list.

Honestly, it was all very frustrating because I am used to getting things very easily. But my only advice is to not be like me and overthink and question yourself too much! 