---
layout: essay
type: essay
title: Technical Essay on WODs
date: 2020-09-30
labels:
  - Education
  - Programming
---

So, For the next WOD, Invoice1, we were asked to create a sales receipt for a sale using a table, html, and Javascript. We were asked to list 5 products, and include computed extended prices, tax, subtotal, and grand totals. For each of these we were also asked to include several JS notes. For further information please visit my link [here](http://github.com/...)

Upon trying the WOD the first time I thought that it was pretty easy and straight forward since we had just gone over something similar in our class right before. But towards the end I realized after double checking my work in my browser that only my item number 1 was showing up for some odd reason and none of the other items. I was very dismayed as I thought I had done everything perfect! After watching the screencast and double, triple checking my work I still could not figure out what had gone wrong. Finally, I had to turn to emailing my professor to see what in the world I was doing wrong.

In the end it ended up being another simple mistake in my numbering for item number 2's price. I always seem to get stuck on a tiny mistake! I think in the future what I could do differently to prepare and double check my work would be to view the debugger and issues in the console as my professor so kindly pointed out! That way I could save myself the email and embarressment. It is all a learning process so hopefully by the end of this semester I can figure out these sort of silly mistakes on my own in a more timely manner!

