---
layout: essay
type: essay
title: Progress in Programming Report
date: 2020-11-10
labels:
  - Education
  - Programming
---

My programming skills have improved in the following ways:
1. I am actually starting to understand the things I am executing and building.
2. I can code some basic things from memory, saving me alot of time.
3. I can design my own app, its not perfect but its still an accomplishment.

I need to work on the following to improve my programming skills:
1. I need to study more and try more tuturials.
2. I need to talk to more students and possibly tutors about things I dont understand RIGHT when there is an issue so I dont fall behind
3. I need to practice more using one of the apps I purchased for that very reason (MIMO & SOLOteach).

I can do the WODs without looking at the screencast solutions first.
	I agree and actually I realized that when forced to do so I learned SO MUCH MORE. I atleast attempt and then watch so I can learn things I did not already know.

The labs have helped me to learn and I am able to complete them with confidence.
Yes and No. They have helped me learn but with the pace we have been going, it has been very difficult for me. I fall a little behind and then I am so swamped with all my classes I think itll be fine and then it all just piles on. So it has been difficult and my confidence level when I dont understand something is 0 because I expect perfection from myself.

I feel ready I am ready to work on the next stage of complexity in programming (building small web applications like Assignment 1).
I would have said yes but we already did that and I was not ready. Now I feel more prepared but I do not think I could do it all by myself and have it function.

I think the class can be improved to help my learning in the following ways:
Really just the pace which can not be helped at this point. At first we spent 2 classes on labs that were worth only 1 point and now when an assignment is actually worth a huge part of our grade, we didnt get the chance to spend the time on the elements we really needed. This made me feel very frustrated because I have been killing myself to get these labs done when they arent worth much and now these assignments I feel unprepared for the most difficult parts.

These are things that work really well for my learning in this class:
Honestly, this is my favorite class only because its the only one that has ever been a challenge for me. This class is very very hard for someone who has attention and motivation issues but I do like that the classes are recorded so I can always go back and try to understand again and again. 