---
layout: essay
type: essay
title: Reflecting on Assignment 2 Technical Essay
date: 2020-11-27
labels:
  - Education
  - Programming
---

Provide a brief introduction to the assignment along with a link to this page for further details
What did you learn from this assignment?
For this assignment we had to make login page and registration page using both persistant and transient data. I learned alot from this assignment including how to deal with these types of data and how difficult it can be to validate this amount of data and debug an applicatin of this size.


Did you work with a partner? Assign an estimated percentage on the amount each team member contributed to the assignment (including yourself).
100% myself.

How did you get help when you needed it? What did you need help with?
That was my main mistake. I became so overwhelmed and so behind that by the time I had finished writing my application it was already due and I did not have time to ask for help as I should have. I needed helf with my registration validation and figuring out why my server was not working correctly with the POST data.

How was developing this assignment different than assignment #1?
It was different because I already had Assignment 1 design as a starting point and also because I also had to fix all my issues with assignment 1 before moving onto assignment 2 which took up half of the time.

Estimate the % of time you spent (a) thinking about how to do something.
A) 30% of the time thinking and researching different way of doing something.
(b) writing code (but do not include testing, 20% actually writing code.
(c) testing and debugging
Describe what worked well with this project? And 50% or more actually testing and attempting to debug which really didnt work out for me in the end.
 What did not work well? Honestly, I feel like none of it went well in the end I know I failed this assignment. I should have spent more time asking for help and less time trying to debug on my own because by the time I had fully written my code it was already so late that I essentially gave up leaving me the same issues to deal with for Assignment 3.
 
If you could go back in time and do things differently, what would you do differently?
Ask for help and try to finish my application before I went on vacation.  
